# Finding your purpose as a Product Manager (work in progress)
A step by step guide

Thanks to Kate Turner my brilliant coach.

## Why I did this work

Wanting to blog more.

Wanting more clarity about how to shape my career.

## 1. Go back in time

Remember your "sweetest" memories as as child.

Two examples:

Learning how to weave 

Dancing around a May Pole

## 2. Draft your values

What do these memories tell me about my values?

What words come to mind?

Pick 5 words that resonate the most

Then play with them

## 3. Draft your roles

What does it look like to live your values?

What roles would you need to play?

Brainstorm lots of examples.

Pick one for each value.

Then play with them.

## 4. Draft your purpose

What does it look like to live your roles?

What would you be doing?

Draft a sentence that describes what you do.

Then play with it.

## 5. Draft your vision

Imagine yourself 10 years from now.

Let yourself get excited.

## 6. Set a "theme" 

Something easy to remember. 

Something that will be relevant for the next few months.

E.g. "Wellbeing" or "New home" or "Creativity"

Put reminders everywhere.

E.g. your phone's home screen. Your password. On a whiteboard. A postcard. A necklace.

## 7. Set goals

E.g. I want to share my insights at work with people who will benefit from them.

## 8. Take baby steps

Take baby steps, little and often.

Be accountable. If you don't do the thing, take the time to figure out why.

E.g. "life got really stressful". OK, so what needs to change?

## 8. Reward yourself

Associating our purpose with pleasure.
